Now we are all set with the projection.
So let's run our Springwood application and jump to Bozeman.
This is the EPA we're calling right together, and it is.
And in response, we are getting the collection up student right.
This we have already seen so so-called this EPA.
See, here we are getting four films, OK, and that just in response ID, first name, last name in
email.
So this is the fix in a decent response.
Now let's apply the projects and while calling this API.
So how using that query parameter?
OK.
So here we need to have one query parameter that is projection equal to.
Now we need to parse the name of the projects and that we want to apply.
So say, for example, we want to apply this project and poster projects and so provide it or here and
called API.
See, now we are getting only two fields, OK in the decent response, which to add an email.
OK?
And that's what we provided.
OK, inside our projects and see, this is applicable for every student.
OK, inside the collection here as well, OK, for all the students inside the collection.
We are getting only two builds in the JSON response, which do it in email idea of the student.
Now let's play another projection and that is second projects.
And right, so call this EPA.
See, now we are getting two builds in that Jason response 18+ name, and again, this is applicable
for all the records.
OK.
Inside the collection and this is the two pools.
OK, we have insider second projects an idea first name of the student.
So this is all you need to do, OK, if you want to have the project, then while calling the API,
use the very parameter projection and past the name of the project, then called API.
That's it.
So this kind of project sense you can have and this project since you can provide to your consumers.
And as per the requirements, they can use this project sons while calling the EPA.
See, you can use these projections while calling other databases will look for the student table.
Simple example we are getting those to run by.
Simple example that ID equal to two.
This is how we pass, right?
While working with the spring guitarist and apply the second projection called API.
We are getting the single string details.
OK, see I.D. and first name.
Now use the first projection.
Called EPA now we are getting it in email of this, why?
Because we have this first project set in place.
So this is how you can help projects and while working with spring data rest, that's all for now,
and we'll proceed further in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.